ForeignPurchaser
================
<h2>To run this project:</h2> In terminal, run "python app.py" and open the page "localhost:5000" in your web browser.<br>
About this project: The ForeignPurchaser allows you to register as a user from a foreign country who uses a different currency (or the US Dollar, though this project is less useful for such users). You can then log into your account and either check the newest news on your currency (some more minor currencies will oftentimes not have any news to report) or attempt to search for an item to purchase. Here's how that works: You input the amount of funds you have available to spend (in your own currency) and the year at which that amount is valued (unfortunately our project only runs if you have your funds in terms of their value in some year between 1975 and 2009, due to the deflator api we use). You then say what item you wish to purchase and the website will return an item from ebay at a (hopefully) comprabale price. Our project makes use of the ebay api to search for items and compare their prices, the google news api to find news about a user's currency, and William & Mary University's currency deflation api to convert other currencies into their equivalent value in terms of 2009 dollars. Some problems with this project are that: 1) The ebay api only returns three items per search, meaning that often the items found will not be of truly compatible price, 2) The currency deflator is limited to years between 1975 and 2009. Despite these small flaws, we hope you enjoy it!
